[Music]
welcome to the breakdown when we break
down all the messed up [ __ ] firstly I
want to say thanks for all of the
positive comments and emails after my
last video to update y'all on it I do
feel that I may have had a bad reaction
in particular to this rare film I talked
about it was more the camera quality in
and the points of views of death that
gave me anxiety rather than the dead
bodies themselves perhaps that's a good
way to put it I guess I don't really
want to cross that line with shocking
memories and stuff like that before we
get into the film of today let me
introduce scrappy week next week is
scrappy week in which we would do a lot
of cool things so make sure y'all have
your bills clicked and stay tuned on to
this film girl hell 1999 or just girl
Hill this title isn't just some random
English assortment it literally refers
to this girl Misaki and her inhabitants
in a girl hell one where all the men are
perverts war murderers now I think we
should get into it I don't want to say
too much off the bat so do you want to
see what happens including all the rest
up parts stay tuned for the braids now
cue to go on
[Music]
let me formally introduce you to Misaki
a real weirdo
she's alright I guess but to be truthful
this scene right out there here is after
disaster let's go back to the beginning
to get an idea of how she ended up all
bloody it all begins in this industrial
city these two workers are chatting
about romantic experiences like dating
into such the one on the left I'll just
call it Nezumi and the one on the right
is named Kenji if it went obvious they
have no dating experience but what they
do have experience in is rape and murder
they don't see murderers especially
since they talk about their deeds like
they're talking about any other regular
subject
Kenji here says he is tired of rape and
that's because he fell in love with some
girl from a distance
that girl is Misaki who was on her way
back to Grove Street she looks happy
go-lucky on the outside but really she
only finds enjoyment in one thing
visiting this homeless woman she's a few
sandwiches short of a picnic so is good
someone is helping her out her
fascination with this baby doll reminds
me of the crazy lady from Tara fire
anyway Misaki alerts herself to the lady
calling her Barbara which is like a
nickname cuz if bob-bob means hag damn
all you brought was a loaf of bread no
meat no spread she attempts to feed that
baby doll but it seems like all he wants
is milk and not from a bottle
but Saki seems sad seeing something
related to motherhood
meanwhile inside a storage closet a
middle-aged man is having sex with a
schoolgirl doing compensated dating the
audio you're about to hear is someone do
that too good of a time
anyway the client wants the tissue she
used
I'm not saying what's on the tissue but
the takeaway is that she's about to make
more money because he wants to keep a
souvenir
anyway back with Misaki someone jacked
her bike see who
still his bike seats not she gotta walk
all the way home while walking she Nisa
with the girl who was doing compensated
dating it looks like they're best
friends over although she seems to be a
little jealous of Misaki she finds her
way home but it's clear she dreads going
back that's how I look at the realizing
I gotta get out of bed inside is moaning
from two people first look at this house
the sink is a mess if I lived in a place
this dirty I might as well go rest
outside a painful scream scares Misaki
into dropping a dish and her deadbeat
father nasty ass father comes out
bullying her her incestuous dog of a
father causes her to break commit this
gruesome self-harm it's not the first
time since her arm is all bandaged up
that morning we heard was actually her
father raping her big sister but that's
not the worst part
her sister is disabled after a vicious
car accident it means he taped her up in
this position she shouldn't be in and
also dressed her up in this old school
uniform every dude in this movie is sick
and perverted the sister has a deeper
voice than I thought but she questions
why her cowards sister didn't call for
help believing Misaki to be jealous of
her past and happy that her sister is
invalid now I don't know whether that's
true or not but I wouldn't count it out
later that night a Blood Moon luminate a
sign of disaster and possibly also a
sign that this movie is based on another
earth I'm not just saying that it just
literally feels like another universe
the thing about this household is that
misaki's mom left the whole family
behind this is spoken about from Kenji
here which is weird how he even knows
about this in the first place
Kenji believes he can make amends for
all that he's done if he days Misaki a
girl seemingly selfless and good
meanwhile Misaki is hanging with Barbara
but becomes intrigued seeing her give
that titty milk to her baby doll the
baby doll is called Haruka
wait like here use daughter I'm sorry
for mission to kill you so much but it's
just like like what a guy you know
anyway Misaki looks into the mirror what
I mean by that is that she sees herself
as Haruka in a way she really misses her
mother unexpectedly Barbara gives Misaki
a big old hug just out of sheer
happiness I guess but even Barbara's
crazy ass didn't think Misaki would grab
ahold of her titty and start getting
herself some baby food honestly he's
presenting in a sexual way almost but
truly I guess she just wants to feel
loved like Haruka the doll was even if
he was fake
back at home Misaki stops her father
from raping her sister with a knife in
hand sorry if it's a bit too dark but we
already know how this is gonna end up
the father is like you hate me well your
mother is the one who abandoned us for
another man Misaki thought she left cuz
she wanted to escape her abusive husband
either way she's trashed like why would
you leave your kids behind this random
black and white zoom in happens a lot
maybe is representing some kind of
mental break in misaki's mind the next
morning while Misaki days is off she
suddenly gets interrupted by an awkward
kingi without even introducing himself
obviously nervous he hands her a note
saying to meet him at this bridge after
school oh brother
after school she then show up not cuz
she didn't care cuz she talks all about
it to her best friend here kenji takes
it personally and his friend prematurely
convinces him she isn't coming and that
they should take revenge on her for not
meeting up with him how should the
attacker
the cunning warrior attacks neither body
nor mind they feel that they must attack
her heart her heart lies with Barbara
they roll up on Barbara like she stole
something this is probably not the last
time but how many times do I gotta say
this is why we need people like here you
he wouldn't stand for no hobo harassers
and the struggle they tear off the dog's
baby's head and knock her to the floor
but one wrong step on Barbara gets to do
covered in a milk facial last time I
said that was on goes ooh she's didn't
beat brutally with the back to death
after she is dead Candy's friend has sex
with the body later Misaki comes to the
bridge she came a little later than
usual meaning the two idiots didn't have
to try to take revenge if they waited a
few more minutes not to mention she
feels stood up too
this is a funky situation back at home
Misaki stands in dread of going inside
like usual but randomly some man
startles her he knows her full name too
he presents himself as some kind of
educational worker wanting to talk about
a scholarship she didn't want to talk
inside her toxic household so he
suggests a brief talk in his car I
wouldn't expect him to have a serving
though sure enough looks like this
educational workers some kind of rich
pervert meanwhile the father is
interrupted from his habitual rape of
his daughter somebody's knocking on the
door his kin G and Nezumi and they do
everybody a favor by killing the father
I love when bad people kill other bad
people the two men didn't torture Misaki
sister by spraying water all over her I
don't think that's good for the scars
and stuff like that they both then rape
her and blood is left all over the
shower floor back with Misaki turns out
he was the one who stole misaki's bike
seat the rich man gives it back to her
in addition to some money but she
rejects him saying she didn't want help
from a weirdo like him she runs back
home discovering her dead father and
also heard the C's sister see how she
running out yelling for help
wish she would've did that any other
time she walked in on her father
assaulting her sister the rich pervert
hears the commotion and hoser as she
passes out from the grief
she later wakes up but she is tied up
and gagged this rich pervert is going to
take advantage of her and one of the
weirdest ways I've ever seen he brings
out some weird sraw device
sticks to pipe in inside of her meow and
drinks up something nasty P drinker he
didn't let her out she walks away with
the final mind break you would think she
is now about to let loose she's walking
to find Barbara but the two murderers
surprise her in the middle of her walk
she gives them a ghostly detached look
before getting heated on the ground
she seems dead if anything depriving the
two of the predatory satisfaction they
won they want her to scream in bed but
since she isn't
Kinji can't get hard Nezumi makes fun of
him for it but gets murdered by Kinji
with the screwdriver out of humiliation
and anger in the midst of the depraved
moment Misaki gets up and walks away
finally we are where we started but
that's not at all like what I thought
would happen I thought she was about to
murder everyone well she does kill
someone but not we might expect when
Saki goes tors Barbara's Kim but instead
of a dead Barbara she finds a bruised
Barbara I'm surprised she's alive but
also she has a new doll in her hand and
you remember Haruka the other baby dog
got her head cut off Misaki asked what
happened to her ago but sees Haruka on
the ground abandoned just like.how
misaki's mom abandoned her Misaki lashes
out in a psychotic rage by beating
Barbara with a bat it's a surprise she's
even alive after so many bad swings when
Barbara does call out Haruka I'm
guessing it's like either taking back
what she did by changing dolls or
understanding misaki's emotion Misaki
rejects it and kills Barbara with a bat
to the head knocking her head out of the
park and that's it I went into this
movie thinking I'd see some innocent
idiot turned into a cold-blooded killer
I guess the film was more for the sake
of just showing perverts and sickos now
that we got through this film let's talk
about the most disturbing moment and
most enjoy a moment and that spooky
stuff
okay let's get right into it the mostest
thermoman is easily when Kinji and his
friend broke in and raped and murdered
Misaki sister I can see that seeing
scarring a lot of people really it just
kind of came out of nowhere and now you
were stuck with seeing it for a bit plus
any kind of rape is usually the worst
part of a movie the most enjoy moment is
probably the ending and I'm not saying
that because I'm glad it's over
I'm saying that cuz that corny little
killing scene was laughable I wouldn't
be surprised if Barbara is literally
misaki's real mom and that's it I hope
you guys enjoyed this video and if you
did make sure you check out some similar
videos if you haven't seen them before
stay tuned for next week scrapy week we
got a lot of cool things to talk about
thanks for watching spooky out